PS-8803 Update upgrade topics (8.0) (#149)
percona/psmysql-docs: docs/upgrade-changes-deprecated.md

# Deprecated in MySQL 8.0

The utf8mb3 character set is deprecated. Please use utf8mb4 instead. Note that utf8mb3 is still valid in MySQL 8.0. However, it is recommended to convert to use utf8mb4 instead for improved Unicode support.

>  Please see this blog post for more information: https://www.percona.com/blog/migrating-to-utf8mb4-things-to-consider/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Please see this blog post for more information: [Migrating to utf8mb4: Things to Consider](https://www.percona.com/blog/migrating-to-utf8mb4-things-to-consider/)
```

Because caching_sha2_password is the default authentication plugin in MySQL 8.0 and provides a superset of the capabilities of the sha256_password authentication plugin, sha256_password is deprecated.
The new default authentication plugin 'caching_sha2_password' offers more secure password hashing than previously used 'mysql_native_password' (and consequently improved client connection authentication).
The existing users that are created with mysql_native_password plugin can still be used and logged in to the DB. The new users will be created with caching_sha2_password plugin if you don't change the default authentication plugin.

The mysql_upgrade client is deprecated because its capabilities for upgrading the system tables in the mysql system schema and objects in other schemas have been moved into the MySQL server.
As of MySQL 8.0.16, the server performs all tasks previously handled by mysql_upgrade.
The upgrade process automatically starts by running a new MySQL binary with an older data directory. 

> The mysql_upgrade_info file, which creates a text file in the data directory and used to store the MySQL version number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mysql_upgrade_info file which creates a text file in the data directory and stores the MySQL version number.
```

In data_directory, new InnoDB files are created. 

> After installation of a new MySQL version, the server now automatically performs all necessary upgrade tasks at the next startup and is not dependent on the DBA invoking mysql_upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing a new MySQL version, the server automatically performs all necessary upgrade tasks at the next startup and is not dependent on the DBA invoking mysql_upgrade.
```

In addition, the server updates the contents of the help tables (something mysql_upgrade did not do). 

> A new --upgrade server option provides control over how the server performs automatic data dictionary and server upgrade operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new --upgrade server option provides control over how the server performs automatic data dictionary and server upgrade operations.
```

> # Deprecated in MySQL 8

Reviewer: Deprecated in MySQL 8.0?
